Fix #17250 -  Add details for TaintNodesByCondition. (#17313)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

The `StorageObjectInUseProtection` plugin adds the `kubernetes.io/pvc-protection` or `kubernetes.io/pv-protection` finalizers to newly created Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) or Persistent Volumes (PV). In case a user deletes a PVC or PV the PVC or PV is not removed until the finalizer is removed from the PVC or PV by PVC or PV Protection Controller. Refer to the [Storage Object in Use Protection](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#storage-object-in-use-protection) for more detailed information.

### TaintNodesByCondition {#taintnodesbycondition} {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.12" state="beta" >}}

> This admission controler taints newly created Node objects as "not ready". This fixes a race condition that could cause pods to be scheduled on new nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.

Reviewer: Some nits:

This admission controller taints newly created Nodes as "NotReady" with "NoSchedule" effect. This fixes a race condition that could cause Pods to be scheduled on new Nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.

Author: @Huang-Wei  - updated.

> This admission controller taints newly created Nodes as "NotReady" and "NoSchedule" effect. This fixes a race condition that could cause Pods to be scheduled on new Nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.

Reviewer 2: Optional tweaks:
```suggestion
This admission controller {< glossary_tooltip text="taints" term_id="taint" >}} newly created Nodes as `NotReady` and `NoSchedule`. That tainting avoids a race condition that could cause Pods to be scheduled on new Nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.
```

> This admission controller {< glossary_tooltip text="taints" term_id="taint" >}} newly created Nodes as `NotReady` and `NoSchedule`. That tainting avoids a race condition that could cause Pods to be scheduled on new Nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.

Reviewer 2: Oops.
```suggestion
This admission controller {{< glossary_tooltip text="taints" term_id="taint" >}} newly created Nodes as `NotReady` and `NoSchedule`. That tainting avoids a race condition that could cause Pods to be scheduled on new Nodes before their taints were updated to accurately reflect their reported conditions.
```

The `StorageObjectInUseProtection` plugin adds the `kubernetes.io/pvc-protection` or `kubernetes.io/pv-protection` finalizers to newly created Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) or Persistent Volumes (PV). In case a user deletes a PVC or PV the PVC or PV is not removed until the finalizer is removed from the PVC or PV by PVC or PV Protection Controller. Refer to the [Storage Object in Use Protection](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#storage-object-in-use-protection) for more detailed information.

### TaintNodesByCondition {#taintnodesbycondition} {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.12" state="beta" >}}

> This admission controller automatically taints nodes based on [node conditions](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition). The user can choose to ignore some of the node conditions by adding appropriate pod tolerations. When considering a node, scheduler looks at the node’s taints and a pod’s tolerations instead of node conditions.

Reviewer 2: This all looks technically accurate. I see some style and wording nits though.

Here's some tweaked wording. @miteshskj you can take this suggestion as-is or use it to guide your own rewrite.
```suggestion
This admission controller automatically taints nodes based on [node conditions](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition). You can tell the scheduler to ignore any of these automatic taints: add matching {{< glossary_tooltip text="tolerations" term_id="toleration" >}} to each Pod or pod template. With the TaintNodesByCondition [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) enabled (the default), the scheduler looks at the node’s taints and a pod’s tolerations instead of checking node conditions.
```

Author: thanks @sftim  - as requested by Huang, I have done a rewrite. Please review the latest changes.

> See also [Taint Nodes by Condition](/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/#taint-nodes-by-condition) for more information.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
See [Taint Nodes by Condition](/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/#taint-nodes-by-condition) for more information.
```
